{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
am only doing this because I have to. Most famous people ask for fame, and then when they get famous and complain about all the bad parts, we are  
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 correct in calling them out on it. But I have always felt like millions of people knowing my name would be nothing but awful. 
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 It\'92s why I didn\'92t let April put my last name in her book. It is also not in this book. Of course, you can look it up on the internet, but neither I nor anyone who knows me has ever shared my last name. You can only find out what my name is due to the general erosion of privacy and the actions of people who have not respected my clearly-stated preferences. 
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 That\'92s how I want to start this out. I stayed out of April\'92s content on purpose. I wanted to be a private person, and now I\'92m not, but I\'92m accepting this because it\'92s the best way to tell this story. And while I\'92m not going to tell you my last name (it\'92s the principle of the thing), I am going to be far more open than I want to be. 
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 For example. 
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 My parents are pretty rich. I grew up on the Upper East Side in a town house they\'92ve owned for thirty years. It was worth a lot when they bought it, and it\'92s worth a LOT now. So I actually grew up with something like a yard, and when I was a little kid, we\'92d go out there and plant carrot seeds and tomato starts. At the end of the season, yanking a carrot out of the ground was like a magic trick. That tiny seed, too small for even my little fingers to manage on their own, had become this big, beefy orange grocery store item covered in wet black dirt. It was like putting a bottle cap in the ground and pulling out a Coke. Those underground crops\'97carrots, beets, potatoes, onions\'97were my favorites. Even when we were growing things in pots and boxes, I loved the idea that things were happening out of view and that if you just scraped the surface, something as magical and perfect and tasty as food would just fall out. 
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 It never occurred to me at the time that gardening was something my mom 
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 It never occurred to me at the time that gardening was something my mom was doing for me. But when I grew up and my interests changed, the gardening went away. And I didn\'92t even consider more than watering a houseplant until I called my mom a few months after April died. 
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \'93I can\'92t let it go, Mom, she has to be somewhere,\'94 I was telling her over the phone, explaining an obsession that had blossomed in me. \'93No one else is looking. They\'92ve all just moved on.\'94 
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \'93Is it doing you any good?\'94 
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \'93Me? What does this have to do with me?! They haven\'92t found her, Mom, I don\'92t think she was in there.\'94 
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \'93Maya, love, where would she have gone?\'94 
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \'93I don\'92t know, that\'92s the point. Outer space? Hoboken? I don\'92t know. But I do know that life is not back to normal. Everybody thinks the Carls are gone and the Dream is gone and it\'92s all normal now, but it\'92s not. I know how this sounds, but there are a lot of other people who think something\'92s up.\'94 
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \'93How much time are you spending on the Som?\'94 
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \'93They\'92re good people, Mom. I made a lot of friends there. It\'92s better than Twitter.\'94 
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 And that was, in several ways, true. The Som was a small enough community that the kinds of people who got off on making others miserable were promptly banned. But in one way, it was worse. We built the Som to be a social media platform just for solving sequences from the Dream. It was a place for mysteries. To a hammer, everything looks like a nail, and to a social media platform designed to investigate mysteries, everything looked mysterious. 
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 The Som was something I had been really proud to help build, it really had been a part of making humanity feel more like one big thing. Now it was the go- to platform for conspiracy theorists. But at least they were 
\f1\i nice 
\f0\i0 conspiracy theorists. And to answer my mom\'92s question here (though I didn\'92t answer it then), I was spending a 
\f1\i lot 
\f0\i0 of time on the Som. 
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \'93Maya, maybe go plant something.\'94\uc0\u8232 \'93What?\'94\u8232 \'93Like when you were little. Or do something. Knit. Do a puzzle. I think you 
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 need to focus on something else for a while. Go make some space inside your head.\'94 
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 It seemed extremely condescending at the time. Like, yes, Mom, it would be great if I could get a hobby that wasn\'92t obsessing over my dead ex-girlfriend. That would be good for everyone, especially for you, since you wouldn\'92t have to watch your daughter spiral further and further from reality. But that\'92s not how it works, 
\f1\i Mother. 
\f0\i0\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 Except, to some extent, it really is. Because thinking about carrots existing 
\fs24 \
}