{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The longest day of my life 
\f1\b0 \strokec2 began tardily. I woke up late, took too long in the shower, and ended up having to enjoy my breakfast in the passenger seat of my mom\'92s minivan at 7:17 that Wednesday morning.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf0 I usually got a ride to school with my best friend, Ben Starling, but Ben had gone to school on time, making him useless to me. \'93On time\'94 for us was thirty minutes before school actually started, because the half hour before the first bell was the highlight of our social calendars: standing outside the side door that led into the band room and just talking. Most of my friends were in band, and most of my free time during school was spent within twenty feet of the band room. But I was not in the band, because I suffer from the kind of tone deafness that is generally associated with actual deafness. I was going to be twenty minutes late, which technically meant that I\'92d still be ten minutes early for school itself. 
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 As she drove, Mom was asking me about classes and finals and prom.
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \'93I don\'92t believe in prom,\'94 I reminded her as she rounded a corner. I expertly angled my raisin bran to accommodate the g-forces. I\'92d done this before.
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \'93Well, there\'92s no harm in just going with a friend. I\'92m sure you could ask Cassie Hiney.\'94 And I 
\f2\i could 
\f1\i0 have asked Cassie Hiney, who was actually perfectly nice and pleasant and cute, despite having a fantastically unfortunate last name.
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \'93It\'92s not just that I don\'92t like prom. I also don\'92t like people who like prom,\'94 I explained, although this was, in point of fact, untrue. Ben was absolutely gaga over the idea of going.
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 Mom turned into school, and I held the mostly empty bowl with both hands as we drove over a speed bump. I glanced over at the senior parking lot. Margo Roth Spiegelman\'92s silver Honda was parked in its usual spot. Mom pulled the minivan into a cul-de-sac outside the band room and kissed me on the cheek. I could see Ben and my other friends standing in a semicircle.
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 I walked up to them, and the half circle effortlessly expanded to include me. They were talking about my ex-girlfriend Suzie Chung, who played cello and was apparently creating quite a stir by dating a baseball player named Taddy Mac. Whether this was his given name, I did not know. But at any rate, Suzie had decided to go to prom with Taddy Mac. Another casualty.
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \'93Bro,\'94 said Ben, standing across from me. He nodded his head and turned around. I followed him out of the circle and through the door. A small, olive-skinned creature who had hit puberty but never hit it very hard, Ben had been my best friend since fifth grade, when we both finally owned up to the fact that neither of us was likely to attract anyone else as a best friend. Plus, he tried hard, and I liked that\'97most of the time.
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \'93How ya doin\'92?\'94 I asked. We were safely inside, everyone else\'92s conversations making ours inaudible.
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \'93Radar is going to prom,\'94 he said morosely. Radar was our other best friend. We called him Radar because he looked like a little bespectacled guy called Radar on this old TV show 
\f2\i M*A*S*H
\f1\i0 , except 1. The TV Radar wasn\'92t black, and 2. At some point after the nicknaming, our Radar grew about six inches and started wearing contacts, so I suppose that 3. He actually didn\'92t look like the guy on 
\f2\i M*A*S*H 
\f1\i0 at all, but 4. With three and a half weeks left of high school, we weren\'92t very well going to renickname him.
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \'93That girl Angela?\'94 I asked. Radar never told us anything about his love life, but this did not
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 dissuade us from frequent speculation.\uc0\u8232 Ben nodded, and then said, \'93You know my big plan to ask a freshbunny to prom because they\'92re
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 the only girls who don\'92t know the Bloody Ben story?\'94 I nodded.\uc0\u8232 \'93Well,\'94 Ben said, \'93this morning some darling little ninth-grade honeybunny came up to me and
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 asked me if I was Bloody Ben, and I began to explain that it was a kidney infection, and she giggled and ran away. So that\'92s out.\'94
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 In tenth grade, Ben was hospitalized for a kidney infection, but Becca Arrington, Margo\'92s best friend, started a rumor that the real reason he had blood in his urine was due to chronic masturbation. Despite its medical implausibility, this story had haunted Ben ever since. \'93That sucks,\'94 I said.
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 Ben started outlining plans for finding a date, but I was only half listening, because through the thickening mass of humanity crowding the hallway, I could see Margo Roth Spiegelman. She was next to her locker, standing beside her boyfriend, Jase. She wore a white skirt to her knees and a blue print top. I could see her collarbone. She was laughing at something hysterical\'97her shoulders bent forward, her big eyes crinkling at their corners, her mouth open wide. But it didn\'92t seem to be anything Jase had said, because she was looking away from him, across the hallway to a bank of lockers. I followed her eyes and saw Becca Arrington draped all over some baseball player like she was an ornament and he a Christmas tree. I smiled at Margo, even though I knew she couldn\'92t see me.
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \'93Bro, you should just hit that. Forget about Jase. God, that is one candy-coated honeybunny.\'94 As we walked, I kept taking glances at her through the crowd, quick snapshots: a photographic series entitled 
\f2\i Perfection Stands Still While Mortals Walk Past. 
\f1\i0 As I got closer, I thought maybe she wasn\'92t laughing after all. Maybe she\'92d received a surprise or a gift or something. She couldn\'92t seem to close her mouth.
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \'93Yeah,\'94 I said to Ben, still not listening, still trying to see as much of her as I could without being too obvious. It wasn\'92t even that she was so pretty. She was just so awesome, and in the literal sense. And then we were too far past her, too many people walking between her and me, and I never even got close enough to hear her speak or understand whatever the hilarious surprise had been. Ben shook his head, because he had seen me see her a thousand times, and he was used to it.
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \'93Honestly, she\'92s hot, but she\'92s not 
\f2\i that 
\f1\i0 hot. You know who\'92s seriously hot?\'94\uc0\u8232 \'93Who?\'94 I asked.\u8232 \'93Lacey,\'94 he said, who was Margo\'92s other best friend. \'93Also your mom. Bro, I saw your mom kiss
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 you on the cheek this morning, and forgive me, but I swear to God I was like, 
\f2\i man, I wish I was Q. And also, I wish my cheeks had penises
\f1\i0 .\'94 I elbowed him in the ribs, but I was still thinking about Margo, because she was the only legend who lived next door to me. Margo Roth Spiegelman, whose six- syllable name was often spoken in its entirety with a kind of quiet reverence. Margo Roth Spiegelman, whose stories of epic adventures would blow through school like a summer storm: an old guy living in a broken-down house in Hot Coffee, Mississippi, taught Margo how to play the guitar. Margo Roth Spiegelman, who spent three days traveling with the circus\'97they thought she had potential on the trapeze. Margo Roth Spiegelman, who drank a cup of herbal tea with the Mallionaires backstage after a concert in St. Louis while they drank whiskey. Margo Roth Spiegelman, who got into that concert by telling the bouncer she was the bassist\'92s girlfriend, and didn\'92t they recognize her, and come on guys seriously, my name is Margo Roth Spiegelman and if you go back there and ask the bassist to take one look at me, he will tell you that I either am his girlfriend or he wishes I was, and then the bouncer did so, and then the bassist said \'93yeah that\'92s my girlfriend let her in the show,\'94 and then later the bassist wanted to hook up with her and she 
\f2\i rejected the bassist from the Mallionaires
\f1\i0 .
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 The stories, when they were shared, inevitably ended with, 
\f2\i I mean, can you believe it? 
\f1\i0 We often
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 could not, but they always proved true.
\fs24 \
}