{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 It seems that he cannot see what I* tell you, and you seem reasonably loyal, and so we shall continue you. But first, I have to thank you. For your patience and understanding. For paying attention. I need you here. And here you are. So thank you.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 You have to understand: It's frightening. One might think that the resurrected fear death less than those who've only lived once. But so far at least, my experience has been the opposite. I try to tell myself that life is nothing much to lose, that everyone* either has done it or will do it, but still the fear of it claws at me, renders itself unnameable, forced me down into a terrified hiding where I can only call it it. Fear is inadequately intellectualizable, like a lot of things.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Andbutso I apologize for the caution, for the hoops, but I still don't know how the nature of his access works, am still trying to puzzle through the question of how to ask for your help without ensuring my own death or (worse still) desurrection
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Let us begin at the beginning of my memory of resurrection: I\'92m hooked into the amature in the onyx chamber, its three dimensions identical to my height, the air warm because I am experating a morning walk with a well-regarded American novelist, a historical suicide, and we are walking the circumference of an uninhabited island in the BVI as he recites the answers from an interview given to a French newspaper a few months before his death.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 I ask the questions the newspaper asked, and he gives the answers, and the ocean almost still, the beach narrow but sandy, the tide way out. The novelist smells like sweaty sunscreen, and I wear a two-piece bathing suit, nothing obscene but I look okay I think, blonde hair in a pony tail tickling one of the higher vertebrae, and the novelist - shoulder length sandy hair narrow eyes his scruff not a beard but a failure to shave - altogether, this is the best possible structuring of the novelist one could hope for, although of course I'm too involved in the moment even to consider the structuring - I can only notice the pleasure of the sunlight on us and the hair on his strong but not muscular arms and the softness in his voice as he curves hundred-word-long sentences, telling me about set theory, to which I have access but must lack some information about the underpinnings because my comprehension is very limited.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 The novelist's endless single-sentence answer fails to increase my understanding of the relationship between small infinities and big infinities, but still: the sunlight at the angle associated with midmorning and yearning! The softness of his voice! The tide so far out that in the ocean I can see gray coral emerging and submerging in the middle distance. I want to call the novelist's attention to the coral but remember I can't. He stops speaking, so I ask the next question, and then he whispersays, \'93You have brown hair\'94
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 It brought me out of the reverie, I'll tell you. Because he says no such thing in the interview, and had never said anything to me near so quiet and conspiratorial, even though this particular American novelist was among my favorite experation companions, and in fact the only writer I regularly chase to experate with. Andbutso he turns to me and he says to a blonde girl in a two-piece nonslutty black bathing suit that she has brown hair and then I see him looking at the ocean, the silverblue ocean quiet and safe in its bay, and I realize that I do not want to experate anymore with the novelist or anyone else, that a mistake has been made.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'93Unhook,\'94 I say, and the armature places me upright. I gather myself for a moment in the blindness of the cavedark cube, the postplace postspace chamber, as he once called it in an update, and I say, "Report,\'94 because any irregularities need to be filed immediately since bugs lead to system failure, as the updates always remind us. So I say, \'93Report,\'94 and he says, "14?\'94 and I'm about to say the bit about the brown hair when I touch my bald head and it occurs to me that I might have brown hair, which triggers a series of questions the answers to which I didnot have (and do not have) access to, and then I say, "Uh, I just wanted to report that the quality of the structuring seems to have improved.\'94 and he says, "Thanks far noticing, 14.\'94 Then I press a silver button to open the door into a larger but equally cubical cube and I take one left, walking past two cubes approximately-but-not-precisely my size, and then I'm at the door, which I pull open, and the light outside is less bright than in the BVI but at that same angle, the angle which makes all things look as clear as the past feels, and I bolt out the front door, running through a field. It feels very much like experating, actually. That's the first thing I think.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Did he let me go or did he assume no one would ever leave? I don't know. It's a good question, and unanswerable without the information to which I do not have access. It took a week for my bald head to grow out enough far me to know that the novelist had told me the truth - this, you will remember, in spite of his being historically deceased and furthermore an experational construct incapable of deviating from his script. It does not endanger me to tell you that I had just checked into a motel room in a dying town after a week of running stealing lying, and I walked directly to a bathroom grouted with mold and saw in the mirror my spiky little brown hairs sprouting by the million. I began to cry, which felt very much like experatianal crying.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Perhaps I should tell the story of how I came to the Star Lite, or perhaps it's irrelevant. Maybe even dangerous. It seems to me there is no way to know in advance which stories to tell, what might be helpful to you, whether you even want to help, whether you are able, who you are, if you include him. It is so new, this not knowing - or more precisely, it is so new to know there is information I do not know - my meness, you might say. I have come to believe - maybe in that foolish way that one believes in the tooth fairy, believes that the discomfort of teeth torn from flesh must be worth a quarter - that you can help.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 But for now just having you here - it's nice. Thank you for your patience, See you next week, I hope.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 *Yes: I. Not we. I, your faithful narrator, a human female of primarily European descent, age unknown.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 *I mean, this is amazing when you think about it, the everyoneness of death. It is the one job - the literally only one - we are all qualified for. Death provides a more precise definition of life than any other analytical tool - in the end, the question of life is not whether one can respond to stimuli or reproduce itself. The question is, \'93Can it die?\'94
\f1\fs24 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs36 \cf0 \
}